in 1984 competing was just leaving the
refrigerator gigantic room era this
Macintosh thing came out I brought a
Macintosh to MIT my upperclassmen are
coming by and saying what is that it's
got pictures on it
the map was reimagining what a computer
could be there was a smiley face there
was a sense of humor somehow built a
like like Miss partner caveman you could
go and play with somehow it's so
transparent to an experience that it
just enlivens you
I never thought that I would have a
career as a musician I wanted to do
everything myself and the only way that
was possible was with snack imagine how
powerful it was for the kids office and
they were discovering things by
themselves it erases the classroom walls
they could tell there was a vision
behind it it inspired people to think
what's possible but that made people do
better work it seems to speak the same
language we were speaking it looked
great and it was any good it was
naturally where all our designers and
all the image makers would go no Mac for
me is the tool to get my ideas out of my
head and collaborate with people to
explore fields that I couldn't otherwise
we were trying to use this machine in a
really provocative and new way and it
was just really cool nobody else was
doing it
this is what a pioneer looks like
everything I do could be done in a much
more interesting way using the Macintosh
office not like this you give us a new
paint box and we gotta go crazy we're
not gonna go to sleep we're not gonna go
to eat we're just gonna go and play with
this thing because it's inspiring
now everyone uses this one piece of like
remarkable ubiquitous technology I
really never thought it would be this
truly worldwide democratization of
creativity the great power of tools like
the Macintosh is precisely that you
can't predict where they're going to go
the future of creation it's really
bringing people together and bringing
ideas together
nobody had any idea 30 years ago what
the world was going to be like now or
how these tools were going to be used
they are interesting precisely because
you don't know how they're going to be
used tomorrow
and that's the beauty and the power of
Macintosh